CHANGELOG: Add missing entry for usage stats download button (#10665)
sourcegraph/sourcegraph: CHANGELOG.md

- A new dropdown for choosing version contexts appears on the left of the query input when version contexts are specified in `experimentalFeatures.versionContext` in site configuration. Version contexts allow you to scope your search to specific sets of repos at revisions.
- Campaign changeset usage counts including changesets created, added and merged will be sent back in pings. [#10591](https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/pull/10591)
- Diff views now feature syntax highlighting and can be properly copy-pasted. [#10437](https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/pull/10437)

> - Admins can now download an anonymized usage statistics ZIP archive in the Usage Stats section of the admin area. Opting to share this archive with the Sourcegraph team helps us make the product even better. [#10475](https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/pull/10475)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Admins can now download an anonymized usage statistics ZIP archive in the **Site admin > Usage stats**. Opting to share this archive with the Sourcegraph team helps us make the product even better. [#10475](https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/pull/10475)
```
